CS 225 Data Structures Team Contract (dpachu2-asebas6-sjames34)
Communication 1. Team Meetings: Our team will meet once a week every
Wednesday from 6 to 8 PM on Discord. Each week we will rotate the
note-taker, who will keep track of the Development Log on Google Docs.
The first note-taker will be Steven (sjames34). The team will work
together to ensure that proper notes for the week are taken and
satisfactory. 2. Assistance: Team members can be contacted through
Discord, email, and Snapchat. We are committed to responding to each
other’s messages within a reasonable amount of time. 3. Respect: Since
we do not have a large group, we are committing to listening to the
opinions of each member and implementing the best ideas that are thought
of. In case of a disagreement, we will look towards the majority vote.
However, we will attempt to implement each other’s ideas fairly and
equally. By signing this document, each member agrees that a majority
vote is fair and cannot be overruled. Collaboration 1. Work
Distribution: The team will split the work for the week evenly among
each member, on a first come first serve basis. The person to pick the
task works on it, and if no task is chosen then it is left to the
remaining member(s). Adjustments can always be made based on each
member’s strengths and weaknesses. 2. Time Commitment: Each team member
is permitted to work however long needed for the weekly assignment, as
long as it isn’t detrimental to the member’s health or other school
work. If that would be the case, other team members will attempt to aid
them in their task. It is up to the team to complete the weekly tasks,
not only up to the member. However, underperformance will not be
tolerated. 3. Conflict Resolution: Each conflict will be decided based
on a coin toss. The winner of the coin toss will decide the outcome.

Signatures: X. David Pachura X. Anton Sebastian X. Steven James
